This person messaged me after I posted in a camera Facebook group asking if anyone was selling a particular camera. They said that they had the camera and were willing to sell it. After asking why they were selling it I agreed to buy it. I asked to pay via bank transfer and they provided me with Australian bank account details, saying that they started it when they were in Australia. I found this strange but still agreed to pay it using Wise. After paying for the camera they then said they had lenses to sell, and I agreed to buy two of them and put through two more transactions. They then said that while they could access the first transaction, they had been locked out of their bank account and could not access the last two transactions - something to do with maintenance. However, they said they would send the camera and lenses anyway. They then said that because they had thought that the Australian dollar was equivalent to the New Zealand dollar, I should send the difference through as well as a gift card. I wasn't comfortable with this and felt that it was suspicious, as I'd heard that gift cards were often used by scammers. I refused to send any money until I received the package, and after a bit of back and forth they agreed to send the package. They then proceeded to send me screenshots of the package details, which looked very suspect and not at all legit. The tracking number didn't work either. They then said I still owed them money, and I refused to pay it, at which point they stopped responding and blocked me. I had looked up their address before sending money and saw that it was a real address, however after this whole ordeal I checked again and saw that it was for sale, and that the interior looked different to in the pictures they provided. In hindsight I should've pulled out as soon as I saw the Australian bank account.